Support segment status based on entry/first span only (#5416)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md

| - | -| sampleRate|Sampling rate for receiving trace. The precision is 1/10000. 10000 means 100% sample in default.|SW_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE|10000|
| - | - |slowDBAccessThreshold|The slow database access thresholds. Unit ms.|SW_SLOW_DB_THRESHOLD|default:200,mongodb:100|
| - | - |forceSampleErrorSegment|When sampling mechanism activated, this config would make the error status segment sampled, ignoring the sampling rate.|SW_FORCE_SAMPLE_ERROR_SEGMENT|true|

> | - | - |exceptionAnalyzerStrategy|Define how to extract segment status.If the exceptionAnalyzerStrategy equals to ENTRY_FIRST, the final status would be follow entry span status.Otherwise,the status would be error if the status of any spans is error. |SW_EXCEPTION_ANALYZER_STRATEGY|ENTRY_FIRST|

Reviewer: Also, notice, `ENTRY_FIRST` is not the right term. The entry span could be not the first, and vice versa.

| - | -| sampleRate|Sampling rate for receiving trace. The precision is 1/10000. 10000 means 100% sample in default.|SW_TRACE_SAMPLE_RATE|10000|
| - | - |slowDBAccessThreshold|The slow database access thresholds. Unit ms.|SW_SLOW_DB_THRESHOLD|default:200,mongodb:100|
| - | - |forceSampleErrorSegment|When sampling mechanism activated, this config would make the error status segment sampled, ignoring the sampling rate.|SW_FORCE_SAMPLE_ERROR_SEGMENT|true|

> | - | - |segmentStatusAnalysisStrategy|Extract the final segment status from span collection in segment. Logic or operation is as default within all span status.|SW_SEGMENT_STATUS_ANALYSIS_STRATEGY|FROM_SPAN_STATUS|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| - | - |segmentStatusAnalysisStrategy|Determine the final segment status from the status of spans. Available values are `FROM_SPAN_STATUS` and `FROM_ENTRY_SPAN`. `FROM_SPAN_STATUS` represents the segment status would be error if any span is in error status. `FROM_ENTRY_SPAN` means the segment status would be determined by the status of entry spans only.|SW_SEGMENT_STATUS_ANALYSIS_STRATEGY|FROM_SPAN_STATUS|
```

NOTICE, the document is for end-users, you need to adjust the way of expression for them, rather than writing document from a developer.
